Hey everyone, it's me, Mr. Creepy Pasta,
and I just want to give you guys an
update, seeing as I haven't been
uploading,
uh, really at all for the past few
weeks. Um,
okay. So, if you guys remember my last
update, uh last year, a lot of really
personal things have been happening um
with my family, my father's dementia. Uh
and at the time, I kind of just
mentioned that
things were becoming worse as time went
on. And that continues to be true. Um
things have continued to get worse, not
necessarily just with his condition. Um
but the entire situation
as uh
as time progressed,
we've gotten to a strange point where
legally we are
pursuing
things. Um
my mother and my father are getting
divorced now. Uh and what's very strange
is because of the actions of a third
party that's taking place and neither
one of them actually wants it. So, uh,
that continues to to grow to,
um,
the larger escalation, electric climax.
Um, that hopefully comes to an end this
week.
And when that comes to an end, I'm
hoping that the fallout from it or the
cleanup or regrowth, whatever you want
to call it, becomes easier and more of
my time becomes available.
Uh I know that
this is not something that affects you
guys. My life is not not your problems.
Um, but I I appreciate you guys being
here and still watching the content that
I do have time to be able to make while
it's here. I appreciate you guys who
follow me on Twitch and still get to see
me once a week there. Um,
I I just want to apologize for
not being
the content creator that you guys have
known over the past decade.
um
and not being the
consistent
uh level of content that you guys have
known. But I'm hoping that all comes to
a change very soon. My friends, uh my
other YouTubers, my family have all been
really uh supportive of me as I continue
to be kind of like at war with uh
everything and at war with myself
through out this entire process. um
button.
Hopefully uh things get better soon and
when they do uh everything improves
here.
So please bear with me. Um the live
stream continues.
We'll be getting the full season 3 of
Lily Lily Madhip uh very soon this week.
And hopefully we'll be getting some new
um creepy pasta content coming in the
end of this week, moving into next.
Um, and yeah, follow me on Twitch. See
me play video games with the rest of the
night shift. Once again, I'm sorry about
the channel and its lack of everything.
No, it's not over. No, it's not at a
point where I want it to end. And uh
know that I will be here whether it be a
little bit or whether it be a lot. And
know that I want to be here more than I
am.
Thanks for watching guys. Sweet dreams.